High in this video we are going to talk about the two most important learning approaches.
The first one is the so-called supervised learning where the dataset we have has labels.
So we know what results we are looking for.
So we just thrain the now rule network until we get good results.
For example for a face recognition but a more common example is the logical operators.
Let's consider the and logical relation we will have to impute variables the x and y.
And we have the labels we know for certain how deep and logical relation behaves if both the inputs
are zeros then the output is 0.
If the first input is 0.
The second input is on the output again is 0.
If the first input is one but the second input is 0 then the output is 0 again and if both of the inputs
are equal to one than the output is going to be 1.
So in this case this is a super wise learning approach because we have the input data for the input
variables or the features as we call it.
We have the labels basically what output we are looking for.
So we are going to train or now and that work until we get the outputs for the given name both.
This is the supervised learning approach and we have the unsupervised learning where the data set we
have is not labeled.
So we do not know what results we are looking for.
The algorithm will figure out the patterns for us for example any kinds of clustering algorithms k means
clustering hierarchical clustering D-B scan algorithm and so on.
So we have for example a two dimensional plane and we have two ribose the X1 and x2.
And we have that data basically these points in the two dimensional plane and if people would like to
classify them and these clustering algorithms are going to come to the conclusion that there are Srey
closter as the yellow dots the green dots and the blue dots.
So basically we don't have labels in the sense that we don't know know was that was going to be the
good resolves the algorithm itself is going to analyze the data and it's going to come to the conclusion
that they are sui Klosters and these classifying Geiger rhythms are working quite fine for ID's data
sat for classifying digits for example.
It is approximately working fine.
So that's all about the difference between supervised and unsupervised learning Bangsar watching.